cut 18 notes

S01: this used to spin to add more motion, but with the cursor that's unnecessary. slight edit to the unfolding - make it clear the cursor draws the outline, and it's later filled in. 

S02: this can be extended for a beat longer, so the light flashing lands on the drop. also allows for more subtle/expressive cursor movement

S06: make this consistent with S16 - one bar long, action on first and third beat (also, consider placing one of S03/04/05 between S06 and S08 once it's shortened)

S11: extend this a beat earlier (when the lyric line begins - there's a "so" on the pickup). leave the cursor in frame for the slope scene (clawd resets, but it doesn't, good way to show that), and arc back instead of loop as a reaction. after, having the cursor stay for a bit before fully leaving view shows some care. consider the intended message behind the movements and pauses. 

S13: make the cursor quickly swoop in from below or side as a transition, instead of suddenly appearing

S15: another nitpick - clawd appears backwards, relative to how they spawn

S19: add a little indicator that clawd is raising the hill/growing the tree? maybe the light rays from later scenes 

S20/S36: S34 integrates the abstract physics into the environment well, but these are more off. maybe map the S20 grid onto the surface? not sure about S36, please ideate. 

S21: there's a frame, before the light outline fully fades, where the plasma looks brilliantly highlighted - it'd be cool to keep a few highlights, spinning around, if it's physically accurate. the plasma does look static right now

S23: keep some separation between the satellites, and have the pulse go left->right instead of center->out (emphasizes orbital ring) 

S27: the blueprint should be rendered in front of the clawds, right? and the actual space elevator - there's a white pulse inside of the elevator, but it shows up in front of the payload. 

S29: i like the delay in the sails lighting up. if there's time, mirror the satellite ring; a few, then more, then all at once. make the alpha centauri stars smaller - they can wink instead of staying the same shape/size in that scene. 

S31: there feels like there's some lingering space, perhaps clawd emote (^^ would be cute) or human turning to clawd?